Gov. Tim Pawlenty of Minnesota order the state health department this month to monitor day-to-day operation at the Minneapolis Veterans Home after state inspector find that three man have die there in the previous month because of neglect or medical error .
the aid group doctor without border say that since Saturday , more than 275 wounded people have be admit and treat at Donka Hospital in the capital of Guinea , Conakry .
the american people can see what be happen here , say Senator Ben Nelson , Democrat of Nebraska .
for million , it be a tough day of coping -- of watch floodwater pour into home on the Raritan River in New Jersey from New Brunswick to bind Brook and in the Westchester suburb of Mamaroneck and New Rochelle , of sleep in a shelter or a airport , of tow a car and watch a refrigerator float by , of get to work despite flood road and erratic train , of wait for power or a water pump or just something to hope for .
the United States maintain diplomatic relation with Syria , but State Department official say no deeper engagement be warrant until the government in Damascus halt support for radical organization , include Hezbollah in Lebanon and Hamas in the palestinian territory .
Allen J. Ross , President $ -lrb- 6 $ -rrb- GOLDBERG -- Eli Malcom , Age 93 , at home in Boca Raton , Florida , January 20 , 2007 .
it be irrational , say Peter Bragdon , the general counsel at Columbia Sportswear , one of the company sue the government .
in a reminder that the handling of capture terrorism suspect remain a press issue , Pentagon official say Wednesday that a courier link terrorist cell in the Horn of Africa and Al Qaeda official in Pakistan be capture recently in East Africa and transport this week to Guantánamo Bay , Cuba .
in essence this can start to rewrite the history of photography , say Grant Romer , director of the advanced residency program in photograph conservation at the George Eastman House in Rochester .
the democratic presidential contender be appear Wednesday in Carson City , Nev. , for a forum sponsor by the american Federation of State , County and municipal employee ; George Stephanopoulos of ABC News will be ask they question .
in many way , the donor conference here on Thursday will serve as a snapshot of the larger proxy war between the United States -- join by its Sunni Arab ally and Europe -- and Iran and Syria .
Carbon be like a chair , and nitrogen be like a three-legged stool , say Dr. Geraldine Richmond , professor of chemistry at the University of Oregon in Eugene .
INDIAN AIRLINE EXPANDING -- Jet Airways , the largest domestic carrier in India , say it will start service to the United States in late August with daily flight to Kennedy International Airport from Delhi , via Brussels .
a writer 's yearlong journey in search of self take she to Italy , India and Indonesia .
but Williams say she do take enormous pleasure in she 10-day visit to Senegal and Ghana in West Africa in November .
Isabel Hoving of the Netherlands , Rita Williams-Garcia of the United States and Markus Zusak of Australia will participate .
it be more than I could imagine , say Dr. Gurinder Singh , 55 , a ophthalmologist visit from Kansas City , Kan. . this irish culture be marvelous , and it be still be represent after so many year of immigrant be here , say Dr. Singh , who be originally from the state of Punjab , in India .
many Y.B.A. 's , as young british artist be know in the 1990s , be now household name in France , while London 's share of the global art market last year be seven time larger than that of Paris .
Panama City Beach , too , have a glut of condo , but the area be one of only two in Florida where sale rise in March , compare with a year earlier .
as a result of the war , Hezbollah be push off the border by Israel and , in its place , the U.N. insert a new peacekeep force of some 10,000 troops , include a big european contingent , lead by France and Italy .
Woody Harrelson 's Father die in Prison Woody Harrelson 's father , Charles Harrelson , 68 , have die in the high-security federal prison in Florence , Colo. , where he be serve two life sentence for the murder of a federal judge , the Associated Press report yesterday .
but Mr. Leverett say the threat to american troops from Sunni insurgent , who draw on Syria and Saudi Arabia for money and other logistical support , be order of magnitude greater than that from Shiites , and he contend that the Bush administration 's public emphasis on the E.F.P. 's be part of a larger administration strategy to blame Iran for the failure of the american project in Iraq .
both be now build striking new satellite -- the Louvre in Lens northwest of Paris and the Pompidou in Metz in eastern France -- to display part of they collection , much of which be permanently in storage .
in northern Gaza on Monday , Israeli Air Force plane fire on a car that army official say be laden with explosive and on its way to launch rocket into Israel .
ET CETERA The low-cost airline FlyGlobespan have start thrice-weekly service between Kennedy International Airport and West Airport Knock in County Mayo , in Ireland .
it be midnight here in Hanoi , or already 2 a.m. back in Seoul , South Korea .
Sony Corporation wish to express its deepest and most heartfelt sympathy to he family , along with its utmost respect and gratitude for the instrumental role he play in assist he middle school classmate and Sony founder , Akio Morita , in establish Sony 's presence in the United States in the early 1960 .
Colangelo credit the former Raptors general manager Rob Babcock for sign point guard José Calderón from Spain .
8 p.m. -lrb- fox -rrb- AMERICAN IDOL -- Southern discomfort as week 3 audition begin in Birmingham , Ala. 9 p.m. -lrb- 13 -rrb- the CELL NEXT DOOR -- last summer , 18 young man in Toronto and two in Atlanta -- most of whom have grow up in moderate , middle-class home in Canada and the United States -- be arrest on terrorism charge after be accuse of plot to blow up building and behead member of the canadian parliament and attend a terrortrain camp in Ontario .
in Germany , unlike Italy , defendant can not be try in absentia .
this be the first of many product that be go to come out of the AT&T - BellSouth merger , say Ralph de la Vega , group president of regional wireline operation for AT&T , of San Antonio .
even the emergency agency 's newest map , schedule to go into use this fall -- which show slightly enlarged flood zone on the south shore of Staten Island and Queens , for example ; along the Hudson River in Lower Manhattan ; and in Hunts Point in the Bronx -- be still base only on historical datum .
Melissa Perlman , a mother of a 11-month-old and founder of Amansala Eco Chic Resorts -lrb- www.amansala.com -rrb- in Tulum , Mexico , know firsthand that she yoga-inspired babymoon give expectant parent much-needed time to bond and regroup .
and they would never understand why , for Bill Elliott , there be no joy in Dawsonville .
New Jersey 911 center routinely receive call from across the Hudson in Westchester or across the Delaware river at the Pennsylvania border .
bear in Calgary , Canada and raise in Portland , Oregon , Jean die peacefully at home June 6 , 2007 .
Ms. Kahf come to this country in 1971 from Damascus , Syria , before she fourth birthday , and like she , many immigrant muslim child find themselves catch between hostile world at school and parent who be basically clueless .
the National Ignition Facility at Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory in California be to start test that idea around 2010 .
the administration be now put in a position of play defense , as we be finally see the international consequence of the rather dramatic internal transformation inside Russia with the erosion of democracy , a new ruling class , a massive transfer of property rights from so-called oligarch to , basically , friend of Putin , most of whom be from the old K.G.B. Senior administration official say the new effort to reach out to Russia already have be put into action , and include Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice 's consultation with she russian counterpart , Foreign Minister Sergey V. Lavrov , during meeting in Berlin on Feb. 21 and 22 about whether Russia have the appetite to pursue a second Security Council resolution for sanction against Iran .
Senators Joseph R. Biden Jr. , Democrat of Delaware , and Chuck Hagel , Republican of Nebraska , say they would back Mr. Warner 's alternative , which declare that the Senate disagree with the ` plan ' to augment we force by 21,500 , call on the president to consider other alternative and urge he to limit the american role in counter sectarian violence .
speaker include David Bonderman of the Texas Pacific Group , which help to lead Monday 's $ 45 billion TXU takeover ; Todd Fisher of Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Company , the other lead investor in the TXU deal ; and Stephen A. Schwarzman of the Blackstone Group , consider one of the most likely candidate to try to crash the TXU sale .
all come from Nuremberg , Germany , a center of brass production since the Middle Ages .
Stephen A. Schwarzman , the co-founder of the Blackstone Group , which be in the process of go public , make $ 400 million last year .
Senator Chuck Hagel of Nebraska , who have be the loudest republican critic of the president 's Iraq policy , also sign the letter after he vote contribute to a delay of the Iraq debate .
there be chatter about Mr. Zeitlin 's sweeping sideways motion dub the Zeitlin sidewinder ; Alex Porush 's wicked topspin loop ; the way bill Vogel , a wine distributor from New Rochelle , and will Shortz , the crossword puzzle editor of the New York Times , employ the rather daring Seemiller style of play , which use only one side of the paddle .
Egypt have expel the peacekeeper from Sinai and Gaza in mid-May , which Israel view as part of a egyptian plan for war .
but it be far from the happy end predict six month ago by Prime Minister José Luis Rodríguez Zapatero of Spain , whose government fight to keep Endesa out of E. On 's hand , only to now see a proposal for the company to be carve up and share out .
the government in the state of Michoacán promise to pay for the transport of return body from any point in Mexico to the decease 's hometown in Michoacán .
the company have headquarters just 15 mile apart -- Hologic in Bedford , Mass. , and Cytyc in Marlborough , Mass. .
ask people in Waterloo , Iowa .
Mrs. Somary be the manage director of the Mendelssohn Project , a nonprofit organization found in Manhattan and Stuttgart , Germany , by the bridegroom , its music director .
dream Lhasa , a dramatic feature film from the documentarian Ritu Sarin and Tenzing Sonam , be about a tibetan-american documentary filmmaker name karma -lrb- Tenzin Chokyi Gyatso -rrb- make a movie about the plight of tibetan who flee persecution by the chinese and settle in Dharamsala , the Dalai Lama 's exile headquarters in northern India .
the truck enter Gaza from Israel at the Kerem shalom cross , near the spot where the border of Gaza , Israel and Egypt converge .
its interest arouse , the World Jewish Congress ask Professor Herzstein , the scholar of nazi history , to comb the National Archives in Washington for evidence of Mr. Waldheim 's possible involvement in war crime .
Miikka Ryokas , whose user name be Kizor and in a e-mail message say that he be a 22-year-old computer science student from Turku , Finland , write : as the popular joke go , ` the problem with Wikipedia be that it only work in practice .
she mother teach online course in Sanskrit for Potti Sreeramulu Telugu University in Hyderabad , India .
during the 40-year occupation of the West Bank and Gaza , Al Qaeda be never involve in terrorist attack against Israel .
he be survive by he wife , Margaret Terry Red Evans , of Bainbridge Island , Washington ; a brother , Elwyn Evans , and sister , Katharine Reese May , both of Wilmington , Delaware ; a daughter , Shelley Evans , of Cambridge , Massachusetts ; a son , Lloyd Tilghman Boyd Evans of Rosemont , New Jersey , and five grandchild .
the game be big at Lake Forest , a liberal art college of 1,400 student on Lake Michigan in Chicago 's northern suburb .
Mr. Taylor begin , therefore , with the awkward , hastily improvise partition of Germany and Berlin after the war , and the irreconcilable difference that would make Berlin a trigger for potential East-West conflict , and a insoluble problem for both adversary , especially as german leader , East and West , learn how to manipulate they master .
Niall Gunn , the owner of a pub in Rockville Centre , N.Y. , say that St. Patrick 's day be always a laid-back affair in he hometown in County Monaghan , Ireland , but time have change .
in remote rural corner of India , particularly in conflict zone like Chhattisgarh , police rank be woefully understaffed , and isolate police post be among the rebel ' favorite target .
Mr. Abbas be try to persuade palestinian faction to halt the rocket fire from Gaza and work toward a new cease-fire with Israel that would extend to the West Bank .
so when official in the town of Clarkstown , which include New City and several other hamlet , start think about the drab wall across from the Town Hall on a heavily traffic road , they think , why not let they do the wall as well ?
when they could , they fly to Cancún , Mexico , for a few day on the beach .
week 's NOTABLES club -- in Europe , four team clinch first place last weekend : Inter Milan in Italy 's Serie A ; Olympique Lyon in France 's Ligue 1 ; Glasgow Celtic in the scottish Premier League ; and Olympiakos Piraeus in Greece .
it be beautiful , say Marlene Peacock , a tourist from Tobermory , Ontario , gaze up at the forested hill .
city like New York grow in they unbuilding : demolition tend to precede development , most urgently and particularly in lower Manhattan , where New York City begin .
Representative Tom Latham , Republican of Iowa , also vote for the interest cut .
Mr. Putin will continue he Middle Eastern trip Tuesday by travel to Amman , Jordan , where he will meet with King Abdullah II to discuss economic and political cooperation , and meet with the president of the palestinian Authority , Mahmoud Abbas .
Israel , cite security reason , have largely isolate Gaza , strictly control the traffic of people and goods among Israel , Gaza and the West Bank -- a policy which Palestinians say have lead to further impoverishment .
the issue of security be bring to the forefront of the presidential campaign last week after a eight-hour standoff between protester and the police at the Métro station at the Gare du Nord in Paris .
he go back to Mexico , where he publish two book of verse , and then begin a long period of displacement and travel and drug-taking and odd job in France and Spain .
Dear father of Leslie M. Cross of Long Island , NY , Barbara Cross -lrb- Roy Call -rrb- of Cleveland Heights , oh , Laurie Cross -lrb- Gerald Knorr -rrb- of Seattle , Washington , Steven Frederick Cross of Olympia , Washington , and David Brian Cross -lrb- Lucia Bowen Cross -rrb- of Wilton , CT .
there be plenty of critic , Brad Henry , Oklahoma 's democratic governor , tell I , shortly before call for universal preschool for 3-year-old in he state of the state address on Monday .
Bono say that President Jacques Chirac of France have speak eloquently of the need to support Africa , though he add that France have not yet come through with the resource .
Russia 's lower and upper house of Parliament call on President Vladimir V. Putin to sever relation or to impose sanction on Estonia , which be part of the Soviet Union from its absorption during World War II until its independence in 1991 .
in 2004 , the last major flood , the death toll stand at 351 in bihar state , which be home to this village and many other sit on some of the most vulnerable floodplain in India .
it survey the revolutionary work he shoot in Spain , Italy , Mexico , Britain and France .
Claudia be one of about 1,500 Jews who live in Cuba ; 1,100 reside in Havana , and the remain 400 be spread among the province .
it be even better when you can just roll out of bed each morning and tackle a different menu , spend one day on neapolitan-style pizza and perhaps return on another for pasta , as you can at the Sorrento Cooking School at the Esperidi Resort on the Amalfi Coast in Italy .
she life begin in Munich , Germany in 1916 .
let 's see , Syria be be investigate by the United Nations for murder Lebanon 's former prime minister , Rafik Hariri .
now , the state be retool the program to include all of Cook County , which encompass Chicago and many of its suburb .
the bride , 26 , be a first-year resident in anatomic and clinical pathology at Johns Hopkins Hospital in Baltimore .
Mesón Sacristía de Capuchinas , Puebla , Mexico , 800-728-9098 ; www.mexicoboutiquehotels.com/capuchinas .
in California , where parent first start educational foundation in response to a statewide law cap property tax , the combined district of Santa Monica and Malibu require that 15 percent of the gift from parent to individual school must go in a equity fund that be administer by a independent foundation .
lower-level prisoner from Afghanistan and Iraq be hold at a military base near the Black sea in Romania , the report say .
in addition , a second new indictment charge Mr. Hindi and Ashraf Zaim , 39 , of Ottawa Hills , another town in the Toledo area , with defraud the government by claim to have use $ 40,000 in federal grant money for charitable purpose when in fact , the government say , it actually go to they personal use .
-lrb- Senator Gordon H. Smith of Oregon start the trend late last year , follow by other , include Senator Norm Coleman of Minnesota last week . -rrb-
he age be at the center of a legal battle that be to begin tomorrow with a arraignment by a military judge at Guantánamo Bay , Cuba , of Mr. Khadr , whom a range of legal expert describe as the first child fighter in decade to face war-crimes charge .
last year , President Bush announce that all c.i.a prisoner have be transfer to Guantánamo Bay , Cuba , and put in military custody , but that the C.I.A. prison would remain in operation .
he be survive by he wife , Linda , and daughter , Sharon Kofmehl of Charleston , SC , and Sandy Kofmehl of Paris , France , and granddaughter , Emma Kofmehl of Charleston .
in New York , these Spurs would have become the toast of the United Nations with they rich blend of international star , begin but not end with Duncan of the United States Virgin Islands , Ginóbili of Argentina and Tony Parker of France .
the museum , which open in the North Beach neighborhood of San Francisco last fall , have make plan to sponsor a spring tour of Mr. Morgan 's space scrap in a vintage Airstream trailer , create a kind of Electric Kool-Aid Acid Test for the astronomy set .
behind the News -- the suicide attack in Algiers , the capital , be the deadliest in more than a decade and follow warning by official in the United States and Europe that Algeria be become a center for terrorism that could threaten Europe and North America .
and Malone 's pharmacy , which have look like a mini-wal-mart be rebuild with a old soda fountain and a nice little restaurant that make it like a old-fashioned drugstore , Mr. Nix say , add that the redevelopment make Arkadelphia more viable than a lot of other Arkansas downtown .
` strange day on PLANET EARTH : the one degree factor , ' New York Aquarium , Surf Avenue and West Eighth Street , Coney Island , Brooklyn , -lrb- 718-RRB - 265-3474 .
the bishop be meet by Israel 's deputy prime minister , Shimon Peres .
carve the granite a park as eight Miles of Exits the Flume , Cannon Mountain and the old man of the Mountain Historic site be all part of Franconia Notch State Park -lrb- www.franconianotchstatepark.com -rrb- in New Hampshire .
both Russia and China cross major diplomatic threshold last summer when they agree to seek Security Council sanction against Iran , but both country have also drag they foot about actually impose they .
he turn for guidance to Daniel Pauly , director of the fishery center at the University of British Columbia , which maintain a elaborate global database on fishing .
Sheldon Whitehouse , Democrat of Rhode Island , and Claire McCaskill , Democrat of Missouri , both former prosecutor , be especially eloquent about the way in which Mr. Gonzales have betray the ideal of american law .
though the region of Mexico retain they very distinct cuisine , Mexico City act like a food processor , puréeing ingredient until you can not tell what go into the final mix .
a apparently unimportant event : self-taught from the Centre d'Art in the 1940 and 50 , Kresge and Pascal gallery , Berrie Center , Ramapo College , 505 Ramapo Valley Road , Mahwah , through March 7 .
Webkinz , which be manufacture by the privately hold Ganz Corporation in Woodbridge , Ontario , break that mold by exist simultaneously in the child 's room and on Webkinz World -lrb- Webkinz.com -rrb- .
except for sociopath , human be build to feel and act out of empathy , say Stephen G. Post , a professor of bioethic at Case Western Reserve University 's medical school and co-author of why good thing happen to good people , schedule to be publish in May .
unlike previous Mexico City alternative rock radio venture , reactor make break independent and underground band from Mexico as central to its mission as play the latest from Franz Ferdinand .
demand Senator Chuck Hagel , Republican of Nebraska .
the concept of small wind turbine be blossom in Canada , Germany and Spain as well as in the Britain , where rooftop version be pop up in urban area despite debate over they efficacy .
the internet be very effective for we client , say David Kenny , chief executive of the online marketing agency Digitas .
one major lesson of the Lebanon experience be that Israel can not defeat its most dangerous enemy by brute force alone .
a few year ago , after Mr. Yeltsin develop symptom of further heart trouble , doctor at the Berlin Heart Center in Germany perform a angioplasty .
but american official have be try to create a commercial incentive for Russia to put pressure on Iran .
the Court of Appeal rule that Nigeria 's president , Olusegun Obasanjo , may not unseat he estrange vice president , Atiku Abubakar , because Mr. Abubakar have defect from the president 's party to become a presidential candidate for another party .
Ms. Pelosi and the five Democrats and one Republican who accompany she be scarcely the first to raise such question during the three year that Mr. Bush have instruct he top envoy -- and reportedly Israel as well -- to avoid negotiation with Syria 's president , Bashar al-Assad .
Mr. Gates , who arrive in Paris on Tuesday , be the first american defense secretary to visit France in nearly a decade .
in 2004 , the last major flood , the death toll stand at 351 in bihar state , which be home to this village and many other sit on some of the most vulnerable floodplain in India .
it just floor I , say Senator Amy Klobuchar , a freshman Democrat from Minnesota who campaign against the war , as the two party point finger on Tuesday .
she currently serve on the board of trustee at Lesley University in Cambridge , Mass. .
indeed , last year , the conference be perhaps better know for sighting of Ms. Jolie and she boyfriend , Brad Pitt , than for the comment of Shimon Peres of Israel on the day that Hamas be elect .
natural space and material stimulate child 's limitless imagination and serve as the medium of inventiveness and creativity , say Robin Moore , a professor of landscape architecture at North Carolina State University and one of the nation 's pre-eminent natural play area designer .
but the shin be not actually play at the garden on Wednesday ; that distinction go to Maná , a latin rock band from Guadalajara , Mexico .
for Mrs. Clinton , the strategy for reach black voter at this early stage of the campaign involve strong outreach to black elect official , business leader and other , follow by phone call to reinforce she candidacy from she husband and supporter like Robert L. Johnson , who found Black Entertainment Television .
no one at a symposium on Thursday night that include Stephen G. Pagliuca of Bain Capital , Peter Weinberg of Perella Weinberg and Jeffrey Rosen of Lazard , among other , seem to be worry about a downturn anytime soon .
Senator Ben Nelson , Democrat of Nebraska , say : I will vote for cloture , but not because I support the underlying bill .
since 1999 , I , along with a team of educator and school policy expert , have be study the adoption of equity , empowerment and choice in school district in Boston , California -lrb- namely Oakland and San Francisco -rrb- , Chicago , Houston , New York City , St. Paul , Seattle and Edmonton , Alberta .
Mr. Carter explain that he firm , Davis Carter Scott Architects , which have office in McLean and Middleburg in Virginia , plan a development that would fit into the community rather than look like it be insert into it .
as Amory Lovins of the Rocky Mountain Institute , who have be work with the Pentagon , put it to I : the Iraq war force the U.S. military to think much more seriously about how to eat its tail -- to shorten its energy supply line by become more energy efficient .
accord to a police spokesman , Micky Rosenfeld , Mr. Bishara be suspect of have assist a enemy during Israel 's war against Hezbollah in Lebanon last summer , and of be in contact with a foreign agent .
South Africa 's deputy foreign minister , Aziz Pahad , urge Zimbabwe to ensure that the rule of law , include respect for the rights of all Zimbabweans and leader of various political party , be respect , accord to a statement issue in he name .
Mr. Chirac , 74 , begin he political career in 1962 as a adviser to Georges Pompidou , then the prime minister , and be elect for the first time as a member of Parliament from Corrèze in central France 40 year ago on Monday .
KLIOT -- Boris , 84 , bear in Riga , Latvia , survive four concentration camp before he immigrate to the US where he become a successful entrepreneur .
only 16 deputy be black , 15 of they from France 's overseas territory , one of they be George Pau-Langevin , a guadeloupe-born female lawyer from the working-class 20th arrondissement in Paris .
but Hamburg will also receive a production line of the a320 , the single-aisle jet that Airbus now produce in Toulouse , France , the official say .
Joanne P. Gregory , formerly of Winston & Strawn in Chicago , have join the New York office of Hughes Hubbard & Reed as a partner .
Fatah , which begin with that same philosophy in the late 1950 , favor a two-state solution with Israel return to its border from before the 1967 war and a palestinian state build in Gaza , the West Bank and East Jerusalem .
a founder and YouTube 's chief executive Chad Hurley receive 694,087 share of Google and a additional 41,232 in a trust .
will Shortz , the Times 's puzzle editor , try out three new japanese logic puzzle and pick a winner .
the Aspen skiing company , which operate four resort around Aspen in central Colorado , have 3,000 to 4,000 fewer skier-day through the Christmas week than expect , with each skier-day worth $ 50 to $ 75 , say Jeff Hanle , a company spokesman .
Senator Lieberman be the first jew on a major party 's presidential ticket , lose in 2000 to the first Connecticut native to be elect president : George W. Bush , bear in New Haven on July 6 , 1946 .
with its new flexibility , the White House appear to be pursue a collection of goal instead of a single strategy : stabilize Iraq for the long term , reassess its relationship with Syria and examine the prospects of achieve a negotiate solution with Iran .
Vali Nasr , a professor of national security affair at the Naval Postgraduate School and author of the shia revival , say Mr. Sadr should be view as a politician who be try to preserve he power .
such be the case with Navarre , a historic region in northern Spain , just south of the city of Pamplona and a little northeast of Rioja .
although Mr. Fodor grow up in France and study law in Paris , some aspect of he background parallel those of many american computer entrepreneur .
Republican Senators Chuck Hagel of Nebraska and Olympia J. Snowe of Maine urge Senate leader late Wednesday to cancel the recess so the Iraq debate could proceed .
Match name with face : Senator Sam Brownback of Kansas John H. Cox , Chicago businessman Former Gov. Jim Gilmore of Virginia Rep. Duncan Hunter of California Former Gov. Tommy Thompson of Wisconsin Former Gov. Mike Huckabee of Arkansas Rep. Ron Paul of Texas Rep. Tom Tancredo of Colorado -lrb- one point for each correct match -- potential 8 point . -rrb-
Abbott compete for Michigan , help the United States win the 1988 Olympic gold medal in Seoul , South Korea , and later pitch a no-hitter for the Yankees .
when Mr. van Agtmael first visit South Korea for Bankers in 1971 , Seoul look like a city in the Soviet Union , which I have just cross on the Trans-Siberian railroad , he write .
Mr. Mela , who be base in Boston , be bear and raise in Bayamo , Cuba , and he heritage figure prominently in he music .
in New York , Mr. Paulison begin he tour of the flood-ravaged area on Monday in Mamaroneck , in Westchester County , where he meet with Senator Hillary Rodham Clinton , homeowner and the minister of the First Baptist Church , which be heavily damage by floodwater .
the fossil , find in Slovenia a century ago , be describe in the Journal of Vertebrate Paelontology by Alessandro Palci of the University of Modena and Reggio Emilia in Italy and Michael W. Caldwell of the University of Alberta in Canada .
in a less important but symbolic defeat for the conservative , Jean-Louis Bruguière , who have earn a global reputation as France 's lead antiterrorist investigative magistrate , also lose to a Socialist .
the White House in April sharply criticize the Speaker of the House , Nancy Pelosi , for visit Syria 's capital , Damascus , and meeting with President Bashar al-Assad , even go so far as call the trip bad behavior , in the word of Vice President Dick Cheney .
he say he later learn that Adolf Eichmann complain violently to Antonescu about he mother , who be posthumously honor for she effort to save Jews as a righteous among the nation by Yad Vashem , the Holocaust museum in Jerusalem .
Mr. Sarkozy 's Berlin visit underscore the centrality of franco-german tie , particularly important now , when Germany hold the rotate presidency of the European Union and will play host to the summit of the group of 8 industrialize nation next month .
since 2005 , New York City 's population barely record any gain -- a statistically insignificant 587 people , with a steady influx of immigrant and growth in Manhattan and Staten Island .
Chad Hurley , the co-founder and chief executive of YouTube , say the company be still work on its filter technology .
though Lucia have sign player from elsewhere , like the austrian wing Thomas Vanek -lrb- now of the Buffalo Sabres -rrb- , and Grant and Ryan Potulny , from North Dakota , all of he current player be Minnesotans -- except goalie Kellen Briggs , who be from Colorado Springs .
he father be a radiologist who practice at Mount Sinai Hospital in Toronto and be a associate professor of radiology at the Faculty of Medicine of the University of Toronto .
spruce Peak at Stowe , the Vermont ski destination 's new base-area development , be the first mountain resort in the country to have earn the Audubon Green Community award from Audubon International .
at the time of the wedding Ms. Durkin be the high-powered advertising director for Tommy Hilfiger , always attend the coolest party and restaurant opening ; Mr. Wignall be the low-key owner of Crystal Beauty Products , he family 's supply company base in St. Catharines , Ontario , who like sport-fishing in the Caribbean or nap in a canoe .
or , as Charles A. Rosenthal Jr. , the district attorney of Harris County , which include Houston , argue , the presumption of innocence do not make the person innocent .
and last week , Jeffrey R. Immelt , the chief executive of General Electric , CNBC 's parent , voice he support for Ms. Bartiromo and the cable network .
celebrate its 75th-anniversary season , the Royal Ballet of Britain will tour Mexico for the first time in 30 year , visit Mexico City , Guadalajara and Puebla from June 14 to 30 with Kenneth MacMillan 's Romeo and Juliet , Ninette de Valois 's Coppélia and a mixed program .
Mr. Nicks be a certified master teacher of the technique of Katherine Dunham , at whose Manhattan school he have train in the mid-1940s after early dance study with Eleanor Frampton at the influential Karamu House in Cleveland .
most recently she be a very active member of the United Methodist Church in Mamaroneck .
deal for ` no deal ' creator a group of investor lead by John de Mol , one of the founder of Endemol , which pioneer reality television series like big Brother and game show like Deal or No Deal , agree to buy a control stake in the company .
Winter Park , the fourth-largest ski resort in Colorado after Vail , keystone and Snowmass , have a ski for Free program , in which volunteer help to operate the resort 's racing event in return for free skiing .
Peter Munk , founder and chairman of Barrick Gold in Toronto , have warn that a exodus of head office to other country will cause , among other thing , lower level of charitable donation and fewer opportunity for skilled worker .
Nikolay Davydenko of Russia , currently the atp 's fourth-ranked player , win the man 's championship at the pilot pen last year , and Justine Henin of Belgium , currently the top-ranked player on the woman 's tour , be the woman 's champion .
Dr. Martin marry the former Mary Coverdale Folger on May 6 , 1944 , at St. Andrew 's Presbyterian Church in Kingston , Ontario .
while majority Sunni , Syria be lead by Alawites -lrb- a offshoot of Shiism -rrb- and be closely ally with Iran , which , in the eye of Sunnis in Iraq and elsewhere , sponsor the very militia that persecute Iraq 's Sunnis -- who be often related to Syria 's own Sunnis , especially in the border region .
for the midsize a350 xwb , a wide-body jet , France and Germany will each have 35 percent of the workload , 20 percent will go to Britain and 10 percent to Spain , the company say .
the bride be a second-year resident of internal medicine at Beth Israel Deaconess Medical Center in Boston .
Israel move a small number of tank and soldier over the Gaza border and hit Hamas with eight airstrike on Thursday and early Friday , kill at least seven Palestinians , while five other Palestinians die in factional fighting despite a new cease-fire .
the ruling be the first time anyone have be convict in a serbian court for crime that human rights group link to the killing in Srebrenica , in eastern Bosnia .
moreover , alum be accumulate on the bottom of the Kensico Reservoir , in Westchester ; the city plan to clean up that sludge , which be six foot in some place and be smother aquatic life .
a committee member , Representative Dana Rohrabacher , Republican of California , say he do not believe the so-called consensus on climate .
the car will be use in 16 race this season , include the Dodge Avenger 500 on Saturday night at Darlington Raceway in South Carolina .
other new cruise this summer include : DISNEY -- the company 's cruise operation will have its debut in Europe with eight 10 - and 11-night Mediterranean cruise depart from Barcelona and stop throughout the south of France -lrb- Villefranche , Marseille -rrb- and Italy -lrb- Palermo , Naples , Sardinia , Rome and Florence -rrb- .
but some of we suggest when the 2003 Iraq invasion be launch that it could result in a drastic diminution of the West 's ability to address graver threat from Iran and North Korea .
the couple have already buy and restore one dream weekend home , Casa Fizie , a rectangular stone house on five acre between the town of Todi and Orvieto in Italy 's Umbria region .
and he have start a biennial TED Global conference that will be hold in June at the base of Mount Kilimanjaro in Tanzania .
Prime Minister Ehud Olmert of Israel have say the work will continue , even after he rival and defense minister , Amir Peretz , simultaneously give he and israeli newspaper a letter warn he to stop the work to avoid security problem .
a notable example be Sangyup Lee , the South korean-born stylist who be recently transfer from G.M. 's design headquarters in Warren , Mich. , to its Holden subsidiary in Port Melbourne , Australia .
Democrats say that Mr. Kyl and Senator Mitch McConnell of Kentucky , the republican leader , need to squeeze concession from the senator fight the bill though they be skeptical it could be do since some critic appear determine to kill the measure .
Martin Feldstein , a professor of economics at Harvard and the president of the National Bureau of Economic Research , say in a statement issue by Harvard , Richard Musgrave transform economics in the 1950s and 1960s from a descriptive and institutional subject to one that use the tool of microeconomic and keynesian macroeconomic to understand the effect of tax .
a memorial service will be hold in Annapolis , Maryland , on a date to be announce .
they include Gov. Sonny Perdue of Georgia , chairman of the republican Governors Association ; Gov. Tim Pawlenty of Minnesota , vice chairman of the National Governors Association ; and Gov. Haley Barbour of Mississippi , a former chairman of the Republican National Committee .
Narae Choi Boston , Feb. 23 , 2007 the writer be a former intern at Korea Women 's Hotline in Seoul , South Korea , a woman 's rights group .
the United States previously offer to locate the missile system in the Czech Republic and Poland , draw furious objection from Russia , though Washington argue that the system be not build to defend against Russia but against Iran , principally , and other potential threat .
she be just fabulous all the way around , say Brittany Lincicome , a 21-year-old from Seminole , Fla. , who win she second pro tournament this year .
the county executive , Andrew J. Spano , Representative Nita M. Lowey and Senator Clinton say they plan to start a charity for flood victim while they await word on whether 12 county in New York State -- include Westchester , Nassau , Suffolk and all of New York City -- would be declare a disaster area .
PUNAK -- Randy M. , 53 of NYC die March 5 , 2007 in Paris , France .
it be difficult not to react viscerally to the image -- repeatedly show on television , in newspaper and on YouTube -- of rat scurry about the KFC\/Taco Bell restaurant in New York City 's Greenwich Village at night , like villain in a twisted child 's book .
ever since the verrazano-narrows bridge be complete in 1964 , link Staten Island to the rest of New York City , people have flock to the island , developer have work frenetically to accommodate they , and longtime resident have bemoan the disappearance of open space and the strain on the island 's infrastructure .
the Ferrari mystique exert a powerful draw , reach well beyond those fortunate driver who have experience the sublime sport car make in Maranello , Italy , and extend beyond the devoted fan of its Formula one racing team .
we feel that the longer we either refute or debate a subject like that , the more the story will live , say Dennis Rice , senior vice president of marketing for Disney 's Buena Vista Pictures unit .
King Abdullah be schedule to meet Tuesday with Prime Minister Ehud Olmert of Israel on the sideline of a conference in Petra , Jordan .
these two Bay Area restaurant be pretty much alone in kick the bottle habit until Alice Waters , the godmother of thing organic , sustainable and local , ban bottled still water at Chez Panisse in Berkeley last year and start serve only house-made sparkling water this year .
Eddie White , a Reebok vice president , run onto the field with a armful of bill championship shirt .
Roberto González Echevarría , a professor of literature at Yale University and the author of the pride of Havana : A history of cuban baseball , say he be informally advise Garagiola and have the impression that baseball official want to work with Cuba .
Mr. Giuliani , a avid yankee fan , attend the team 's opening game in New York yesterday afternoon before fly off to New Hampshire , follow by Iowa , Florida and South Carolina .
but power plant have actually close in some of the poorest and most chaotic part of the develop world , from Africa to dysfunctional state in India like Bihar , which include Baharbari .
there be a funny-sad dysfunctional-family melodrama tell in the voice of a child and set in the recent past -lrb- the art of Crying , from Denmark , basically a long , r-rated episode of the wonder year with subtitle -rrb- ; a gritty-but-sexy movie about a brazilian prostitute -lrb- love for Sale -rrb- ; a road picture about a neglect child and a petty hoodlum drive from France to Spain -lrb- Cowboy Angels -rrb- ; a sentimental story about a prison counselor assign to work with a inmate who turn out to be he father -lrb- Salty Air , from Italy -rrb- .
event BATTERY PARK CITY PARKS CONSERVANCY , Battery Park City , Lower Manhattan .
Cohen be refer to the story of the injured horse Barbaro and the head butt by Zinédine Zidane of France in the World Cup final against Italy .
three year ago , Mr. Radcliffe , 48 , who live in San Francisco , buy a six-acre vineyard in Occidental , Calif. , in Sonoma County .
he be also survive by he father , William Sederbaum , of Jacksonville , Florida .
a Fatah government , shear of Hamas , can be a new opening , Mr. Olmert say , suggest that Israel would hand over $ 562 million in withhold tax and custom duty to help Fatah turn the West Bank into a model for the palestinian future , even if Gaza be lose to extremism with last week 's takeover of the territory by Hamas .
Iran be the only muslim country in the Middle East where photography develop in a natural environment , say Mohammad Reza Tahmasebpour , a photographer and researcher on the topic .
they have be on the trail edge of technology , say Dennis Smith , a law enforcement expert at New York University .
in the past , the European Union have be firm in say it could not start membership talk with Serbia until it hand over the fugitive , but recently a number of country , include Britain , Italy and Spain , have favor a more flexible attitude .
they be replace by Agnes Scott College in Decatur , Ga. , and New College of Florida in Sarasota , Fla. , among other .
he own a off-road race team and a shop in Anaheim , Calif. , and he still compete in the Baja 1000 , a off-road race on a course through the Baja California Peninsula in Mexico .
the Blue Devils face fourth-seeded Cornell in a semifinal at M&T Bank Stadium in Baltimore .
John J. Mackowski , insurance executive and proponent for corporate responsibility and ethical practice , die of lung cancer February 24 , at he home in Ponte Vedra Beach , Florida .
papa abe be also survive by he extended family Adam , Susan , Andrew , Max and Jordan Sahn of New City , NY , Jonathan , Kathy , Samantha , and Erin Sahn of Boca Raton , Florida , and Eric , Amy , Zach and Lucas of Redwood City , CA .
american official say it be possible that he be the same man who they acknowledge last week be in custody at Guantánamo Bay , Cuba .
he support Israel 's war against Hezbollah in southern Lebanon last year .
two other suspect , Mohamad Ibrahim Shnewer , 22 , a palestinian bear in Amman , Jordan , and Serdar Tatar , 23 , a turkish immigrant , be also charge with plot the attack to kill soldier on the Army base in New Jersey .
he be survive by he wife , Linda , and daughter , Sharon Kofmehl of Charleston , SC , and Sandy Kofmehl of Paris , France , and granddaughter , Emma Kofmehl of Charleston .
for research in Motion , which be base in Waterloo , Ontario , the arrival of Gameloft 's title and other mass-market software could help it win over more of the coveted consumer market .
member of the art squad of the Carabinieri paramilitary police say more than 50 artifact , include column and mosaic , have be excavate from the site , above , near Crotone in southern Calabria , to decorate a nearby hotel complex .
after Hurricane Katrina , he be appoint by Gov. Haley Barbour of Mississippi to lead the governor 's commission on the recovery , rebuild and renewal of the state .
LUCIFER CHU , a 31-year-old from Taipei , Taiwan , be as good a example as any of the shrink distance between East and West .
Henry Louis Gates Jr. , she say , turn I on to Josephine Baker , so I head off to France with the intention of read she reception in Paris as a cultural text .
NHPF , which have its Louisiana office in Baton Rouge , get the fund to build from government grant , tax credit and low-interest loan , as well as conventional financing .
Prime Minister Surayud Chulanont of Thailand on Thursday reject the advice of the general who put he in power , decline to declare a state of emergency in Bangkok to clamp down on antigovernment protester .
Mark V. Hurd , the chairman and chief executive of Hewlett-Packard , would prefer that the discussion at the annual meeting this afternoon focus on the company 's future , not its past .
in the Middle East , a region uneasy about Iran 's nuclear program and seek its own source of power , interest in nuclear energy be strong .
the Amsterdam at Harborside , in Port Washington , N.Y. , be build a $ 1 million fitness center with a indoor swimming pool .
Tinku be a sublime , beautiful act , say Wilson Araoz , the mayor of Sacaca and a lead official in the Popular Indigenous Movement , a party that be part of the coalition support Evo Morales , Bolivia 's first indigenous president .
it be a eye-straining affair , but it survey the revolutionary work he shoot in Spain , Italy , Mexico , Britain and France .
african Vision : the Walt Disney-Tishman African Art Collection at the National Museum of African Art in Washington be make up of 88 traditional sculpture and mask from the several hundred acquire by the New York real estate developer Paul Tishman and he wife , Ruth , from the 1950s to the 1980 .
on Thursday , more than 30 people be report dead in Madhya Pradesh , in central India , and at least 20 in Bihar , in northeastern India , because of a severe cold snap .
fries -- Jerome E. -lrb- Jack -rrb- , 103 die Tuesday , February 6th in Boca Raton , Florida .
long neglect as one of Spain 's secondary city , Valencia 's role as host of the America 's Cup this year and its ambitious effort to showcase new architecture be entice a increase number of expatriate to visit the City of Oranges .
the last time the United States face Spain in the Davis Cup , James Blake be at home in Tampa , Fla. , recover from injury , illness and the death of he father .
Harvey Reinstein , a well know and widely respected television syndication salesman for such company as four Star , Metromedia , MGM and Lorimar , die early on the morning of he 78th birthday on April 6th at he home in Lake Worth , Florida .
award for time photographer -- Tyler Hicks , a staff photographer for the New York Times , be name the newspaper photographer of the year by the Missouri School of Journalism 's picture of the year International contest .
-lrb- Sisario -rrb- EL PELE -lrb- Tonight -rrb- this gypsy singer from Córdoba , Spain , best know for he recording in the 1980 with Vicente Amigo , make he american debut as part of the New York Flamenco Festival .
at the center of this manufacture maelstrom be the preternaturally beauteous figure of Shilpa Shetty , 31 , a Bollywood movie star from India whose treatment by british contestant in the so-called reality show on television here have provoke more than 16,000 viewer to complain to regulator that she be the victim of racist bullying .
business along the border -- Juárez , Mexico , have become one of North America 's fastest-growing market for commercial real estate , as manufacturer build assembly plant for product like computer , appliance and medical device .
unlike other reborn region , Navarre lack both industry leader to set example -- like the mastroberardinos of Campania in southern Italy and the Palacios family of Bierzo in Spain -- and distinctive indigenous grape to carve out identity .
Anne-Sophie Pic , above , the third-generation chef at Pic , in Valence , France , have just join a elite club : female chef with three Michelin star .
a writer 's yearlong journey in search of self take she to Italy , India and Indonesia .
King Abdullah II of Jordan meet Thursday in Amman with Dalia Itzik , Israel 's act president and leader of Parliament , urge Israel to adopt the Saudi plan as the foundation for negotiation .
at 7:30 , New Jersey perform art Center , 1 Center Street , Newark , N.J. , -lrb- 888-rrb - 466-5722 , njpac.org ; $ 20 to $ 58 .
but Mr. Bush rekindle he argument that a withdrawal would doom to failure the american experiment in Iraq , touch off chaos throughout the Middle East , provide a launch pad for attack in the United States , and embolden Iran to develop nuclear weapon .
Mount Shasta , a 14,162-foot stratovolcano in Northern California , be the second-highest peak in the Cascade Range , measure a couple hundred foot short of Mount Rainier in Washington .
Aug. 31 Bordertown the director Gregory Nava , who nudge Jennifer Lopez toward stardom with Selena , reunite with she for a fictionalized treatment of the plague of unsolved murder of woman in Ciudad Juárez , Mexico .
except for the recently develop technology hub of Bangalore and Hyderabad , India have not add cosmopolitan , globally connect metropolis to its old one : Calcutta , Delhi , Madras and Mumbai .
he idea -- one that have rarely , if ever , be try on a large scale by a major museum -- be to collect significant piece of midcentury residential architecture , include house by Rudolf M. Schindler , Richard Neutra , Frank Lloyd Wright and he son Lloyd Wright , and to treat they as both museum object and as residence for curator .
the dining hall at Furman University in Greenville , S.C. , be offer more fresh produce from local farm .
I know that Paris , France , exist , say Patrick Dunne , the proprietor of a french quarter antique shop call Lucullus , who decline to give he age .
at a news conference in Baghdad , the hard choice the war have place before american politician be evident as Senator Chuck Hagel , Republican of Nebraska , speak with reporter about he two-day visit here , he fifth since the invasion in March 2003 .
Power forward Patrick Patterson of Huntington , W. Va. , sign with Kentucky yesterday , the final day of the late signing period .
these include one last June in which seven arrest be make in Miami after the authority describe suspect talk about blow up the Sears Tower in Chicago and the F.B.I. 's Miami headquarters .
travel from the Centre Pompidou , Musée National d'Art Moderne in Paris , this comprehensive review of the artist 's drawing from the mid-1960s till now include more than 70 work on paper .
Marshall Rogers , a comic-book artist who make he name illustrate Batman at a significant period in 1977 and ' 78 , be find dead by a family member on Saturday at he home in Fremont , Calif. .
Teddy Kollek , who as mayor of Jerusalem for nearly three decade do more to build and develop the city as Israel 's capital than any other figure while promote coexistence with a sometimes hostile Arab population , die Tuesday in Jerusalem .
it be a real step forward , say G. Wayne Clough , president of the Georgia Institute of Technology and the head of a National Research Council committee evaluate the corps investigation of the levee breach .
on Wednesday , Senator Chuck Hagel , Republican of Nebraska , join the call by lawmaker for Mr. Gonzales to step down .
Nelson Chamisa , a member of Zimbabwe 's Parliament and a top official of the main faction of the Movement for democratic Change , be walk into Harare 's airport terminal on a Sunday morning two week ago , bind for a meeting with European Union official , when he find himself surround by eight man in civilian clothes .
well , let I tell you about the food : Inopia -lrb- Tamarit , 104 ; 34-93-424-52-31 -rrb- offer the classic stuff of Spain -- especially , but not exclusively , Catalonia .
many nonprofit organization that accept cash donation experience theft , and church be particularly vulnerable , say John C. Knapp , director of the Southern Institute for Business and Professional ethic , at Georgia State University in Atlanta .
bear in Paris on Oct. 24 , 1932 , Pierre-Gilles de Gennes graduate from École Normale Supérieure in Paris .
Sercotel hotel in Spain and ac Hotels in Spain , Italy and Portugal now offer free minibar , coffee shop with free snack -lrb- at the ac -rrb- and free or low-cost wi-fus .
far more invite be First Church in Boston , in Back Bay , which replace a gothic building that burn in 1968 .
Mr. Hernández 's minority partner be Gian Franco Brignone and he son Giorgio , italian real estate magnate who relocate to Mexico and build a series of sumptuous property in the state of Jalisco that make it a magnet for the super-rich .
rocket attack from Gaza into Israel continue , but they have be attribute to the smaller , more extremist Islamic Jihad and the fringe Popular Resistance committee , neither of which join the unity government .
the magistrate also continue Mr. Alexander 's bail condition , include a bond of 10 million namibian dollar -lrb- about $ 1.4 million -rrb- and restriction on he movement to the magisterial district of Windhoek , Namibia 's capital .
the senator have be join in they effort by the republican leader , Mitch McConnell of Kentucky , Senator John Cornyn of Texas and Senator David Vitter of Louisiana .
on a November day in 1776 , a 25-year-old woman name Margaret Corbin join she husband , John , in defend Fort Washington , in Upper Manhattan , from a attack by the British .
but a week later , several mile to the north in Hamden , a new chapter in Connecticut 's hockey history be be write .
also on Friday , in Ra'anana , Israel , family member attend the burial of Liviu Librescu , a 76-year-old engineering lecturer and holocaust survivor , who be shoot while try to protect student in a classroom .
he serve in Washington DC and Germany , -lrb- Berlin , Frankfurt and Bonn -rrb- , Vienna , Geneva , New York , Moscow and Brasilia .
Mr. Woodruff , who mix he own experience with report on the quality of care in local Veterans Administration hospital , dovetail he comeback with the grow scandal over neglect and mistreatment of wounded soldier at Walter Reed Army Medical Center in Washington .
the most massive poll ever take on any subject be take on the subject of use tax dollar for political campaign , Senator Mitch McConnell of Kentucky , the Senate Republican leader , say in a statement .
the couple have already buy and restore one dream weekend home , Casa Fizie , a rectangular stone house on five acre between the town of Todi and Orvieto in Italy 's Umbria region .
in he first year as chairman of the Securities and Exchange Commission , Christopher Cox confound both supporter and detractor by take a more moderate and nuanced position than they have predict on a variety of regulatory issue , base on he record as a conservative republican lawmaker .
after live in Princeton , NJ , and Pinehurst , NC , she and she husband retire to Gulf Stream , Florida , in 1986 .
when Diana Vishneva be 9 , she be deny admission to the Vaganova Ballet Academy in Leningrad , the school that have produce generation of star -lrb- Nijinsky , Pavlova , Nureyev and Mikhail Baryshnikov among they -rrb- .
the West , he propose at Davos , Switzerland , on Jan. 26 , might suspend its economic sanction against Iran while Tehran simultaneously suspend its enrichment of uranium .
the scientist and staff of the Weizmann Institute of Science in Rehovot , Israel , mourn the passing of Steven Pavony , beloved son of we dear friend and colleague , Hank , and Arleen Pavony .
curator have be snap up Mexico City artwork in place like Basel ; now they will descend on the city this April for Mexico Arte Contemporáneo , its fledging contemporary art fair .
in the Detroit case , Martha Nathan , a member of a jewish banking family that emigrate from Germany to France in 1938 to escape nazi persecution , sell the van Gogh , Les Bêcheurs -lrb- the Diggers -rrb- , right , to a consortium of three dealer in Paris in 1938 for $ 9,360 .
the exception be Samantha Bee , a female senior correspondent ; Aasif Mandvi , a native of India who be also relatively new to the show ; and Mr. Wilmore .
Ernst Haefliger , a swiss tenor who be most renowned as a interpreter of german art song and oratorio role , die on Saturday in Davos , Switzerland , where he maintain a second home .
over the course of my reign and certainly since I first visit Jamestown in 1957 , my country have become a much more diverse society , just as the commonwealth of Virginia and the whole United States of America have also undergo a major social change , the queen say .
the majority leader , Harry Reid , Democrat of Nevada , and the minority leader , Mitch McConnell , Republican of Kentucky , say they expect the bill to return to the floor before the fourth of July recess .
Weapons and fighter flow into the country primarily from Syria and Iran , while Jordan and Syria be bristle about the nearly two million iraqi refugee who have stream over they border .
the Times do not dispute the recent intimation by Donald E. Graham , chairman of the Washington Post Company , that the Times 's yearly news budget be more than $ 200 million , despite the cost cutting of the past few year .
Services Raymond Funeral Home , March 5th , 12pm , 5 East Wall St , Norwalk , CT , burial Atchison , Kansas .
the photograph show Gov. Ernie Fletcher of Kentucky , not Mr. Symington .
from 1981 to 1983 , Mr. Kline be a Fulbright scholar in Cracow , Poland , do research on Stanislaw Wyspianski , the polish painter and poet , and teaching english as a second language at Jagiellonian University .
some State Department official argue that the administration could only support such a separation if Israel agree to make political concession to Mr. Abbas in the West Bank , with the goal of undermine Hamas in the eye of Palestinians by improve life in the West Bank .
Grant Strate , a found member of the National Ballet who become a successful choreographer , recall in he autobiography , Grant Strate : A Memoir -lrb- Toronto : Dance Collection Danse , 2002 -rrb- that when Miss Franca be invite to a gathering during she early day in Canada , she effortlessly cut a swath through the room , exude poise and sophistication .
I have a job line up as a river guide on the Salmon River in Idaho for the off-season .
he say the two company make a good geographical fit , because Imperial be strong in Britain and Germany , while Altadis have significant market share in Spain and France .
a writer 's yearlong journey in search of self take she to Italy , India and Indonesia .
SORKIN -- Rosalie , 92 , of Boca Raton , Florida .
the advertiser that Yahoo have sign up include Pepsi , Procter & Gamble , Hilton , Nissan , Singapore Airlines and Intel , and the 19 country include the United States , Brazil , Britain , France , Germany , Italy and India .
she be bear in Ontario , Canada and also live in Brazil , Italy , Spain and France , move to Greenwich , CT in 1983 .
Washington also need to begin serious and detailed discussion with all of Iraq 's neighbor -- include Syria and Iran -- on how to lessen the violence inside Iraq and help those who try to escape it .
Mr. Johnson retire before the 2005 season and briefly work as a football analyst for WBZ-TV in Boston .
it be Wartburg College in Waverly , Iowa , not the University of Wisconsin-River Falls .
WEINGRAD -- Irving , 90 , of Lake Worth , Florida pass away peacefully at home on April 10 , 2007 .
four other Google executive -- the chief financial officer , George Reyes ; the senior vice president for business operation , Shona Brown ; the chief legal officer , David Drummond ; and the senior vice president for product management , Jonathan Rosenberg -- earn salary of $ 250,000 each .
we very much want to work with Congress , say Derrick M. Kuzak , group vice president for global product development at the Ford Motor Company , echo the official stance of the Alliance of Automobile Manufacturers , a industry trade group .
MAGNUS -- Margaret , Dr. , RN , Ph. D. Born in Athenry , County Galway , Ireland .
israeli official have reject the idea of extend the cease-fire to the West Bank unless it be properly enforce in Gaza first , and Israel continue its military operation in the West Bank on Monday .
it be a eye-straining affair , but it survey the revolutionary work he shoot in Spain , Italy , Mexico , Britain and France .
she be bear in Ontario , Canada and also live in Brazil , Italy , Spain and France , move to Greenwich , CT in 1983 .
for year , President Bush have be press President Vladimir V. Putin of Russia to cut off help to Iran on the nuclear power plant that Russia be build at Bushehr , in southern Iran .
Toyota already have plant in Ontario in Canada , Indiana and Kentucky ; it recently open one in San Antonio .
KREISBERG -- Luisa , peacefully on February 1 , 2007 in Berkeley , California .
Mr. Meshal live in exile in Damascus , Syria , where the government have rebuff all western request to close he office .
he go to Westfield High School , one of the largest school in Fairfax County .
a8 call for Australian 's return John Howard , the prime minister of Australia , be under mount pressure to have David Hicks , a australian citizen who be charge by the american military with a terrorism-related offense , try and return home .
you can line up along the route to cheer for the 32,000 rider , whose 42-mile trip will start in Battery Park and end with a festival at Fort Wadsworth on Staten Island .
in Nigeria , the golf resort in Uyo be temporarily close .
as a U.S. National Team goalkeeper , he start all three game for the U.S. at the 1988 Olympics in Seoul , South Korea , and be a member of the U.S. team that compete in the 1990 FIFA World Cup in Italy .
Brett Keller , chief marketing officer at Priceline.com , say Mr. Shatner be choose in 1997 because it be the dawn of the online era and the actor , best know for he Star Trek role as Captain James T. Kirk , stand for the future , and we be a futuristic brand .
but on Tuesday , the Suffolk County district attorney charge that some of the wildest behavior in Ocean Beach , Fire Island 's biggest village , might have come at the hand of the Police Department , which he call out of control .
Pellman do not attend medical school for four year at the State University of New York at Stony Brook , but in Guadalajara , Mexico .
detail in the Green mountain of north-central Vermont , this project be the first slopeside development in Stowe , the center of a resort area long popular with weekender -- especially in winter .
instead , he say , the final communiqué approve by the group of 8 nation -- the United States , Britain , Canada , France , Germany , Italy , Russia and Japan -- would probably reflect a merge of Mrs. Merkel 's plan with a proposal by Mr. Bush .
Syria and Iran be with the opposition .
donation in he name to Hospice by the sea , Boca Raton , Florida .
Mr. Chabon , who live in Berkeley , Calif. , with he wife , the writer Ayelet Waldman , be more available to he two boy and two girl , 4 to 12 , get they ready for school , break from work when they return in the afternoon .
the visit seem to have a dual purpose : to deliver a in-person pledge of support for the town of Greensburg , and to dispel any comparison to the hurricane response , one day after he administration spar with Gov. Kathleen Sebelius of Kansas over disaster readiness .
it be so hypocritical for any network in this culture to go all puritanical on the subject of condom use when they programming be so salacious , say Mark Crispin Miller , a media critic who teach at New York University .
I be particularly concern that the dissident in Cuba get the right message , Ms. Rice say , refer to a decision by Mr. Moratinos not to meet with Mr. Castro 's opponent during a visit to Havana in April .
even as the United States intensify its effort to isolate Iran , President Vladimir V. Putin say Thursday that Russia would consider opec-like cooperation with Tehran on sale of natural gas .
INTERNATIONAL A3-11 Poverty Stricken Iraqis turn to sell sex in Syria for anyone living in Damascus , the fact that some iraqi refugee be sell sex or work in sex club be difficult to ignore .
the false statement include a claim to have a medical degree from the State University of New York at Stony Brook , when he actually attend medical school in Guadalajara , Mexico ; a claim he be a associate clinical professor at the Albert Einstein College of Medicine , when he actually be a assistant clinical professor , a lower-ranking and honorary position , and do not teach ; and a claim that he be a fellow of the American College of Physicians , although he have lose that title six year earlier when he stop pay due and be no longer a member of the group .
restaurant -- this type of veal be available at Blue Hill , Il Buco and Telepan in New York City ; Blue Hill at Stone Barns in Pocantico Hills , N.Y. ; L'Espalier and Icarus in Boston ; Blackbird in Chicago ; and Chez Panisse in Berkeley , Calif. .
then , on May 9 , the police be call to a bloody crime scene on Chicago 's West Side .
he have be in the United States for 15 day -- he home be in Guanajuato , Mexico -- and he want to spend the last of he mexican currency .
New datum from such site in 26 city show that rate of drug-resistant gonorrhea among heterosexual man at the clinic last year reach 26 percent in Philadelphia and more than 20 percent in Honolulu and four area in California , Long Beach , Orange County , San Diego and San Francisco .
the obvious choice for that role be Senator Chuck Hagel of Nebraska , a decorate veteran who have be a consistent critic of the administration 's conduct of the war and who have not rule out a run for the presidency .
Jean-Luc Portal , 51 , a wine consultant in Somers who grow up in the tiny village of Alzonne in southern France , say he become obsess with the game when he be 6 .
at a news conference this week in Stuttgart , Germany , the usually secretive private equity firm Cerberus Capital Management be in the spotlight , announce a agreement to take control of Chrysler .
but then this solo , which open at the Joyce Theater on Tuesday , be a surprising turn for Mr. Decouflé , who first shoot into the limelight when he stage the opening and closing ceremony of the 1992 Winter Olympics in Albertville , France .
Mr. Wagoner say G.M. would more than double its production capacity in India , to 225,000 vehicle a year , by make more vehicle at its Halol factory in the state of Gujarat and build a new plant in Talegaon , Maharashtra , both in western India .
Gov. Haley Barbour of Mississippi , a former chairman of the Republican National Committee , toast the political prowess of Mrs. Clinton .
Airbus be base in Toulouse , France .
we be confident we be provide a new outlet for they for distribution , say Chad Hurley , chief executive and co-founder of YouTube , a division of Google .
the upbeat sprinter Libby Lenton of Australia be enter in seven event here and already have gold medal in the 4-by-100 freestyle relay and the 100 butterfly .
speculation about Mr. Wolfowitz 's successor range from Paul a. Volcker , the former chairman of the Federal Reserve , to Mr. Blair and Stanley Fischer , the governor of the Bank of Israel .
emigrate to the United States in 1946 , she become the head buyer for Peck & Peck in New York City .
with a similarly open , roll landscape , Winslow Park in Westport , Conn. , be stick with its permissive approach , so far , let unleash dog hold sway over a 15-acre parcel of land -- half the park -- and rely largely on the owner to keep they there .
Senator Mitch McConnell of Kentucky , the republican leader , say Friday that he party would unite to block Senate debate next week on a bipartisan resolution oppose President Bush 's troop buildup in Iraq unless the Democrats allow vote on at least two republican alternative .
hacker in the past attack for mainly personal glorification , say Ira Winkler , vice president for the Information Systems Security Association and the author of several book about the subject .
just as the jama article be be publish , three dozen child begin die of acute renal failure at two hospital in Delhi , India .
he be wonderful , say Charles Fefferman of Princeton University , himself a former child prodigy and a Fields Medalist .
the saudi-iranian effort have put Washington in a awkward position , since it be try to reduce Iran 's regional influence .
David also serve as Deputy Assistant Attorney General and Counselor to the Assistant Attorney General for Civil Rights in the United States Department of Justice in Washington , D.C. . in that position , he direct all employment discrimination suit bring by the Department of Justice and be extensively involve in negotiate the Civil Rights Act of 1991 , which significantly amend Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 , and with promulgation of the Justice Department 's regulation implement the Americans with Disabilities Act .
he receive he medical degree from Queens University in Kingston , Ontario .
the idea of recreational shopping be not new , say Juliet B. Schor , a professor of sociology at Boston College and author of bear to buy : the commercialized child and the New Consumer culture -lrb- scribner -rrb- .
we shall draw the conclusion and learn the lesson , and instruct we security people to continue they ongoing and never-ending struggle against terrorist and those who send they , Israel 's prime minister , Ehud Olmert , say after the bombing .
and Senator Joseph R. Biden Jr. of Delaware , Representative Dennis J. Kucinich of Ohio and Gov. Tom Vilsack of Iowa have announce they candidacy .
a meeting schedule for Thursday between the prime minister of Israel , Ehud Olmert , and the palestinian president , Mahmoud Abbas , have be postpone , largely over what appear to be the issue of the condition under which Israel would turn over tax revenue it collect for the Palestinians .
unlike the man hold at Guantánamo Bay , Cuba , Mr. Marri have not yet receive even the cursory review of he designation as enemy combatant , perform by a military panel know as a combatant status review tribunal .
but he best-known work be probably the Jefferson Market Library in Greenwich Village , which he restore in the mid-1960 .
Senator Chuck Hagel of Nebraska , a outspoken republican critic of the administration 's Iraq policy , will join two lead democrat in introduce a resolution oppose President Bush 's buildup of troops in Iraq , put a bipartisan stamp on the loom congressional showdown over the war .
Vallabhaneni be a tall , distinguished-looking woman who come to the U.S. from Hyderabad , India , in March 1997 on a tourist visa .
the proposal from Mr. Warner and Senators Susan Collins , Republican of Maine , and Ben Nelson , Democrat of Nebraska , also declare that the president be the commander in chief and that it be not the Senate 's intent to contravene he authority -- wording that draw the attention of some lawmaker .
nearby Irvington struggle with similar problem several year ago as have library in Connecticut and Westchester and on Long Island .
Helen , now 5 , who be name for Maguire 's birth mother , come from Guatemala .
but here in rural bihar state in northern India , there be no economic miracle to be see .
as a board member and former mayor of Linden , Guyana 's second-largest city , he use he contact to help speed up the distribution of money and supplies send to Guyana by donor in the United States , but he be not in charge of receive and disburse money and supplies .
in the wake of the Shin Bet statement , David Baker , a official in the office of Israel 's prime minister , Ehud Olmert , say Hamas continue to target israeli civilian .
at a time of grow tension between Washington and Moscow , American official be welcome russian support on the situation with Iran as a sign that there be still area in which the two power can cooperate .
other fire department in Connecticut , from Hartford , New Haven and Waterbury , have sponsor similar drive , accord to Gigi Aguero , a recruitment specialist for the New England donor program .
I be backpack once , go from France to Corsica at night , and I be at the top of a giant boat at 2 in the morning , everything so black , and I feel so small .
Cuyahoga County , include Cleveland and 58 suburb , have one of the country 's highest foreclosure rate , and official say the worst be yet to come .
the bridegroom be a second-year fellow in infectious disease at Massachusetts General Hospital and Brigham and Women 's hospital in Boston .
the technology be uncertain ; the threat from Iran and North Korea might yet be avert diplomatically .
despite such complaint and suggestion that opponent of the bill be motivate by bigotry , Mr. Sessions and Republican colleague like Jim DeMint of South Carolina , Jim Bunning of Kentucky and David Vitter of Louisiana have dig in against what they describe as a travesty .
Gordon M. Bethune , former chief executive of Continental Airlines , where Mr. Barger work before JetBlue , say the new chief would help with JetBlue 's growing pain .
a companion book , from another time : Hoboken in the 1970 -lrb- $ 25 -rrb- , feature all the photograph in the exhibition -lrb- and quite a few more -rrb- and essay by Sada Fretz , a local resident , and Anthony DePalma , a reporter for the New York Times and a Hoboken native who now live in Montclair .
a second pentagon-organized trip in February take Mr. Vahradian to the american naval base and detention center in Guantánamo Bay , Cuba .
Hassan Dahir , the vice president of Puntland , a semiautonomous region of Somalia , say eight islamist militant have be kill , include one who be a american citizen , accord to document find on he body .
in it , the top of palestinian house be barely visible behind the hideous concrete barrier that Israel have build in the name of security across the West Bank .
the group 's 2005 disc , the Rose , the Lily and the Whortleberry explore work inspire by medieval garden and flora -lrb- and they metaphorical imagery -rrb- , include work by Machaut , Power , Agricola , de rore and other composer from England , France , Italy , Spain and the Netherlands .
the next match up , between Chris Guccione of Australia and Rochus 's brother Olivier , be play under a closed roof .
Mr. Bernanke 's tone of urgency echo the comment of Senator Kent Conrad , a north Dakota Democrat who have long criticize the Bush administration 's tax cut and warn of the risk of long-term federal deficit .
the WAY WE LIVE NOW : 3-18-07 Kwame Anthony Appiah , a philosopher at Princeton University , be the editor , with Martin Bunzl , of buy freedom : the Ethics and Economics of Slave Redemption , come this fall .
DREXLER -- Beatrice C. , who run candy Mountain Day Camp in New City , Rockland County , New York for more than 30 year before she retirement , die April 16 , at the age of 92 , she husband , the late Elias J. Drexler , be the senior vice president in the U.S. of FujFilm .
in another letter on Tuesday , two democratic senator , Patrick J. Leahy of Vermont and Sheldon Whitehouse of Rhode Island , ask Mr. Gonzales how the Justice Department would respond to issue stem from Ms. Goodling 's refusal to testify .
song from ` here lie love ' offer 20 selection from he forthcoming multimedia production about Imelda Marcos , the former first lady of the Philippines and a enduring symbol of despotic extravagance and shoe love .
